In this video you're going to learn about the three key benefits of Google Adwords and also we'll do
a comparison between Google onwards and Facebook it's because it's a common question that comes up which
should I really invest my advertising dollars into.
But let's get started with the three key benefits of Google Adwords and really online advertising in
general and the first key benefit is that you get instant results.
If you come into our AdWords set up a campaign and appear at the top of the search results in Google
here well then you can be getting traffic to your Web site straight away and ran the clock traffic to
your Web site within five minutes.
Now if you want to appear organically here in the search engines you've to create content to share that
content to get a lot of people linking to it even on social media.
You need to be setting up your Facebook page creating great content building up an audience.
So it's a much longer term process and a key advantage of online advertising is really to get those
instant results.
You can set up a campaign in less than five minutes.
Now the other key advantage of Google Adwords in particular is it's highly targeted.
Now you can see that these ads if I type in here digital marketing course online that these ads are
really related to the search that I've put in here.
So if I put in something like a drone and see if any ads come up here so we can see that the odds change
based on the search that I put in.
And that makes advertising on our words incredibly targeted targeted not only just by the key word here
but also by location.
So if I wanted to advertise only to people say where I am in Ireland then I could set that up I could
do certain times of day and a lot lot more so targeting is a key part of the advertising and in particular
on Google Adwords the key advantages you can target those ads brand exactly what people are searching
for.
And that helps you to really get better conversion rates get people clicking through and get those people
to maybe buy or taken action because we already know what they want.
They've told us by typing that into google.
Now the third key benefit of Google AdWords is its cost effective so the way that the advertising works
is that you pay per click.
You might have heard that before it's PPC for short.
So only if somebody clicks on this side.
Do I actually pay Google AdWords.
So that's the key advantage is well if nobody is clicking on the ads then I don't pay anything.
But if people are clicking the ads then I pay per click.
So those are the three key benefits of Google Adwords get instant results.
They're highly targeted and they're very cost effective.
Now come question then that comes up as well.
Google Adwords sends pretty good what about Facebook has a lot of hype around that as well which is
more effective.
Which gets better results and I think the key thing to understand is that whether you want to advertise
on Facebook or whether you want to advertise on Google where you really need to keep in mind is the
intent of the people on those Web sites.
So when I come to Google I know exactly what I'm searching for and I'm typing that into the search engine
for example a digital marketing course online.
If I come into Facebook I'm not searching for anything.
I'm really here just to connect and share.
And so my intent is much difference here.
Now a lot of stuff comes up in my news feed here that I might have been thinking of like this for example
there's a new workspace in Dublin.
I haven't been searching for that but I am in Dublin.
I do work from home so it's kind of relevant to me and they will have target that to me around certain
criteria.
So I'm not searching for this but still this is something that I could be interested in.
So if you want to advertise on Facebook just remember that you have to get.
You want to be targeting people who are much further up that sales funnel.
They might just becoming even aware of you here on Facebook first where as on ad words if I had it typed
in coworking space Dublin then that would be a different type of it.
So really both platforms are get great results and not one is better than the other.
The key thing that you need to remember is that people here and outwards they know exactly what they're
looking for here in Facebook.
They don't maybe not be searching for something.
Exactly.
But you have a ton of information about them who their friends are.
And there's also a ton of social proof that you can add into the advertising here like comments likes
cetera that aren't those type of social proof factors aren't available here on outwards.
Clearly as you can see.
So which one should you use which is more effective.
Both are very effective.
Just remember that the intent is slightly different.
On each there are slightly different features and targeting options but a really good thing to do is
to allocate a little bit of budget to both our words and Facebook so you can rerun ads on both understand
both systems.
And actually I found by comparing both and using both I understand both a lot better.
So that is kind of a protip to actually split a budget start to use both of them and that will really
help you understand how to use both platforms effectively.